1) Install Autohotkey on your pc. Make sure dropbox or onedrive are installed and set up.

2) Sign in to Dropbox or Onedrive on the MacAttack main screen

3) Click the button below to upload the remoteaction.ahk script to your Dropbox
 (located in /apps/MacroApp) Or to OneDrive (located in /_macattack)

4) optionally adjust sleep timer at the top of remoteaction.ahk in a text editor; the value is specified in millseconds. By default the script checks every 400ms.

5) Run remoteAction.ahk from your cloud storage drive(Optional - make a shortcut of it in the startup folder so that this script runs on computer startup, if you go this direction, dropbox or onedrive must also startup on boot)

After a macro has been executed it will be moved to the remoteaction_ran folder with a timestamp


=Available macros=
shutdown
 Turns off your computer

reboot
 Restarts your computer

sleep
 Puts your computer to sleep

monitor off
 Puts monitor(s) on target computer into low power state

lock pc
 Locks the pc, requiring a password to resume use

run program
 Prompts for a program to run. The macro will type the program name into the start menu search bar and press enter.

media control
 Various commands for controlling media playback on a computer. This is equivalent to pressing the multimedia keys on the keyboard. Your media playback software may need to be configured to use the multimedia keys as global hotkeys. fullscreen option sends alt+enter and may need to be configured for some players such as VLC. There is also an option to control youtube videos with the sane controls.

open url
 Opens the entered URL in the default web browser. useful for opening videos on pc. only recognizes properly formed urls ex:"https://google.com"

 =voice commands=
 execute any of the above actions by voice. the following phrases are recognized

 shutdown

 reboot

 sleep

 monitor, monitor off, turn off monitor

 lock, lock pc

 play, play music, pause, pause music, resume, resume music

 stop, stop music

 next track, skip track, next song, skip song, next, skip

 previous track, previous song, previous

 volume up, increase volume, turn it up, louder

 volume down, lower volume, decrease volume, turn it down, quieter

 mute, mute sound, turn it off, silence

 fullscreen

